DOCS-8072-4.3-tuning-domains-kt (#1423)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tuning-domains.adoc

> = Domains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= How Domain Use Helps to Improve Processing Performance
```

Reviewer: Same thing for all titles....

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Besides the listed benefits on the Shared Resources MuleSoft documentation, domains are also a performance choice when deploying multiple services on the same on-premises Mule runtime engine (Mule). By having a centralized point for all the shared resources, domains help the class-loading process, therefore metaspace memory usage, to be more efficient, especially because dependencies of the domain (those declared in the `pom.xml` file) are also shared in the domain apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among its many other shared-resource benefits, domain use greatly enhances processing performance when you deploy multiple services on a single on-premises Mule runtime engine (Mule). By providing centralized resource sharing, domains help make the class-loading process (and, therefore, metaspace memory usage) more efficient, especially because the domain dependencies declared in the `pom.xml` file are also shared by the domain apps.
```

> == Example using Domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Example of Increased Performance Using Domains
```

> To give an example, consider having a set of HTTP Proxy applications that also apply one API Gateway policy, such as IP whitelist. Each application interacts with the same backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine that you have a set of HTTP Proxy applications that also apply one API Gateway policy, such as an IP whitelist. Each application interacts with the same back end. In a Mule instance configured to have 2 GB of heap memory and 256 MB of metaspace, deploying those applications independently results in a noticeable reduction in TPS (transactions per second) if you deploy 60 or more applications. But if you deploy these applications in a domain that shares the backend server configuration, you can not only recover TPS performance but also do so when deploying over 100 applications.
```

Reviewer: ...or end after "the same back end" and use the copyedits provided just in case below....

> In a Mule configured to have 2GB of heap memory and 256MB of metaspace, deploying those applications independently without using a proper domain, starts having noticeable TPS (transactions per second) drops when deploying 60+ of these applications due to saturated resources, and around 80 applications start to have deployment issues due to out of memory exceptions. +

Reviewer: Just in case you feel you must use three paragraphs...:
```suggestion
In a Mule instance with 2 GB of heap memory and 256 MB of metaspace, deploying over 60 of such applications independently shows a noticeable reduction in TPS (transactions per second) due to saturated resources. At 80 applications, you see deployment issues due to out-of-memory exceptions. +
```

> Meanwhile, by using a domain that only shares the backend server configuration, we can go beyond 100 of those applications with a balanced usage of machine resources and maintain good performance.

Reviewer: See above suggestion to merge as one paragraph

> Meanwhile, by using a domain that only shares the backend server configuration, we can go beyond 100 of those applications with a balanced usage of machine resources and maintain good performance.

Reviewer: If you keep 3 paras...:
```suggestion
You can greatly improve this outcome by using a domain that shares the backend server configuration, increasing the number of applications to beyond 100 while also experiencing a balanced use of machine resources and consistent good performance.
```

> Even though domains are helpful, each deployed application has its complexity and all share the infrastructure resources. Therefore, every new additional application might impact on the overall performance of the other applications. MuleSoft recommends identifying the overhead by testing each application individually and then test it coexisting with the other applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that despite the clear performance advantage in using domains, each deployed application adds its own unique complexity to the shared infrastructure resources. To avoid performance impact, before adding an application to your domain, test it both individually and within the domain.
```
